README.md, before:

smarttv-twitch
==============

This is an app for Samsung SmartTV's designed to watch twitch.tv broadcasts.

==============

This is a try to upgrade smarttv-twitch so i can use it on my UN48j6300AGXZD Samsung TV, that has a Tizen OS.

I didn't know anything about the SmartTV app. Lots of things i still don't know what they do, so i left then alone :) .
Tried to use Caph.Scene because don't have more sf.scene on Tinzen. But i couldn't make it work. So i changed lots of things to make the app run.
It's not the best way, but its working for me. Almost everything is working on the emulator and on my TV.
Some handlers for errors on connections need to be fix (onConnectionFailed,onAuthenticationFailed,onStreamNotFound,onNetworkDisconnected);
Didn't find anyway to use languagues. So it's just using en.js for now. 
Put SceneBrowser.html and SceneChannel.html inside index.html, each one inside a div, and i toggle visibility off then when the app change betwen them.
Moved CSS inside index.html too.
Last time I tried to use on my TV, a scrollbar showed on the right side of the screen.
And when you press UP and DOWN the screen don't update correctly, but if you press Left or Right it fix.  
Still don't understand config.xml, so left lots of things there. Still need to clean it.


- Added a timer on stream info.
- Added Game name on stream info.
- Added key_up and key_down to change quality of stream.


Change Log
==============
3.600
- Added a timer on stream info.
- Added Game name on stream info.
- Added key_up and key_down to change quality of stream.

3.6.1
- Fixed KEY_UP and KEY_DOWN. Stopped them from doing default.
- Added language support.(RU localization need test).
- Added logo 512x423 - GlitchIcon_WhiteonPurple512x423.jpg
- Started to add support for Follower
- Added license to config.xml <license xml:lang="en-gb" href="http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl.html">GNU GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE</license>
- Changed organization on index.html. Used Code Beautifier.

Installation
==============

How to install and run App in the TV
http://107.22.233.36/TizenGuide/tizen3511/index.html

https://github.com/mkvd/smarttv-twitch/issues/53#issuecomment-176191422

Contribution
==============
If you made a fix for your TV please feel free to make a push request.

Commit message:

Changed version to 3.6.3
3.6.3
- Changed version to 3.6.3
- Changed to Required version 2.3 on config.xml
- Added some STR for languages changes. Used what twitch use on their
site, don't know if its the better translation
- Didn't test DE and RU languages on my TV. It should work.
- Added support to follower.
- Added KEY_TOOLS to open window to input username and open follower
window.
- Added KEY_0 to open follower window with saved username. If there is
no username save, it will open window to input username.
- You can input username on the app, and see list of streams, live
hosts, and live games which that that user is following.
- The username should save on WebStorage, so when you close and open the
app, it should still be there.
- You can press the key TOOLS to open interface where you can input the
username, and save/open.
- if there there is already a username you can pres the KEY_0 to open
the list whithout typing again the username.

README.md, after:

smarttv-twitch
==============

This is an app for Samsung SmartTV's designed to watch twitch.tv broadcasts.

==============

This is a try to upgrade smarttv-twitch so i can use it on my UN48j6300AGXZD Samsung TV, that has a Tizen OS.

I didn't know anything about the SmartTV app. Lots of things i still don't know what they do, so i left then alone :) .
Tried to use Caph.Scene because don't have more sf.scene on Tinzen. But i couldn't make it work. So i changed lots of things to make the app run.
It's not the best way, but its working for me. Almost everything is working on the emulator and on my TV.
Some handlers for errors on connections need to be fix (onConnectionFailed,onAuthenticationFailed,onStreamNotFound,onNetworkDisconnected);
Didn't find anyway to use languagues. So it's just using en.js for now. 
Put SceneBrowser.html and SceneChannel.html inside index.html, each one inside a div, and i toggle visibility off then when the app change betwen them.
Moved CSS inside index.html too.
Last time I tried to use on my TV, a scrollbar showed on the right side of the screen.
And when you press UP and DOWN the screen don't update correctly, but if you press Left or Right it fix.  
Still don't understand config.xml, so left lots of things there. Still need to clean it.


- Added a timer on stream info.
- Added Game name on stream info.
- Added key_up and key_down to change quality of stream.


Change Log
==============
3.6.0
- Added a timer on stream info.
- Added Game name on stream info.
- Added key_up and key_down to change quality of stream.

3.6.1
- Fixed KEY_UP and KEY_DOWN. Stopped them from doing default.
- Added language support.(RU localization need test).
- Added logo 512x423 - GlitchIcon_WhiteonPurple512x423.jpg
- Started to add support for Follower
- Added license to config.xml <license xml:lang="en-gb" href="http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl.html">GNU GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE</license>
- Changed organization on index.html. Used Code Beautifier.

3.6.3
- Changed version to 3.6.3
- Changed to Required version 2.3 on config.xml
- Added some STR for languages changes. Used what twitch use on their site, don't know if its the better translation
	- Didn't test DE and RU languages on my TV. It should work.
- Added support to follower.
	- Added KEY_TOOLS to open window to input username and open follower window.
	- Added KEY_0 to open follower window with saved username. If there is no username save, it will open window to input username. 
	- You can input username on the app, and see list of streams, live hosts, and live games which that that user is following.
	- The username should save on WebStorage, so when you close and open the app, it should still be there.
	- You can press the key TOOLS to open interface where you can input the username, and save/open.
	- if there there is already a username you can pres the KEY_0 to open the list whithout typing again the username.
	
-TODO:
	- Save Quality on WebStorage.

Installation
==============

How to install and run App in the TV
http://107.22.233.36/TizenGuide/tizen3511/index.html

https://github.com/mkvd/smarttv-twitch/issues/53#issuecomment-176191422

Contribution
==============
If you made a fix for your TV please feel free to make a push request.
